make sort kwarg in groupby more flexible (#2812)
JuliaData/DataFrames.jl: NEWS.md

# DataFrames.jl v1.3 Release Notes

## New functionalities

* in the `groupby` function the `sort` keyword argument now allows three values
  - `nothing` (the default) leaves the order of groups undefined and allows
    `groupby` to pick the fastest available grouping algorithm;
  - `true` sorts groups by key columns;
  - `false` creates groups in the order of their appearance in the parent data
    frame;

>   The old behavior was that the `sort` keyword argument allowed only `Bool` values
>   and if `false` was passed (which was the default) it corresponded to current
>   behavior when `nothing` is passed. Therefore only the user visible change is
>   when `sort=false` is passed explicitly as now instead of the order being
>   undefined it is guaranteed that the groups are in order of their appearance
>   in the parent data frame.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In previous versions, the `sort` keyword argument allowed only `Bool` values
  and `false` (which was the default) corresponded to the new
  behavior when `nothing` is passed. Therefore only the user visible change
  affecting existing code is when `sort=false` is passed explicitly.
  The order of groups was undefined in that case, but in practice
  groups were already created in their order of appearance, *except*
  when grouping columns implemented the `DataAPI.refpool` API
  (notably `PooledArray` and `CategoricalArray`) or when they contained only
  integers in a small range.
```
